# GymLog

Video can be found here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEGYFKTk8LA

Gym Tracker webapp to create and edit workouts and view progress in lifts over time.

For a year now, I have developed an interest in personal fitness and living a healthy lifestyle. One way in which I have managed to sustain a healthy lifestyle is through regularly attending the gym. When going to the gym I stick to workout routines, sometimes I like to change these routines and it gets quite annoying having to save them onto the notes app onto my phone. There are many apps on the app store which make this easier but they all come with a price so I decided to make my own for free. For motivation, I have also allowed users to track their squat, bench and deadlift weights and see how much they are progressing over time. This is also something I liked to keep track of and it is inconvenient to have to store it in notes. Creating this webapp is makes it easier for me to track my workouts and edit them with ease, I also like the feeature of being able to view my progress over time as this is something that encourages me to continue to go to the gym. Being able to store my workouts like this helps me to save time and also helps me to be able to save space on my phone as a big problem I have with saving workouts is the space I waste on my phone. You may think that this does not take up much space but I like to save a lot of workouts on my phone so this does become quite annoying. It also provides me a separate space to save all my workouts onto. Instead of saving all of these in the notes app on my phone I can just save them onto this webapp. This is much better for me as I use the notes app for other things aswell such as for planning important tasks. This eliminates the chance of me forgetting important notes due to having so many workouts saved. In the future, I may add some more features to this webapp. I may want to make turn this into an actual app to download on the app store. I have also thought about allowing users to interact with each other maybe by being able to view each others workouts or see each others progress. I have also thought about implementing some web scraping features which could allow the user to enter their weight and age and then compare their lifts to the average lift for their age/weight. I can get this information through webscraping from gym websites, I could also let the user search up tutorial gifs for forms of workouts and have these shown on my page. In the end, there are many possibilites of features I could add but what I have right now is what I am happy with. I also am hgappy that now I don't have to delete my old workouts. Sometimes, I would delete old workouts on my phone due to them taking space but I don't like doing this as I may want to return to a previous workout or may want to just look at a previous workout to see how far i've come in terms of improvement.
